[How dare you!?]
[Episode 3]
What I meant was
that my temper is indeed terrible.
Please sit, Mother.
Mother, why get angry
over a mere consort?
Here, have some tea.
Let's talk things through.
Little Crown Prince,
how are your studies lately?
F-
Father...
recently
m-my studies have been satisfactory.
Very good!
Thanks to Mother's virtuous influence,
the little Crown Prince
has been raised so well.
Little Crown Prince,
if you need anything in the future,
feel free to tell me.
Yes.
Now you're acting like a proper father.
There is indeed something
you can help the Crown Prince with.
Our Crown Prince
is exceptionally intelligent.
However, his horsemanship
and archery skills
are somewhat lacking.
Doesn't General Luo have a young son
of similar age?
Why not summon him to the palace
to be a companion to the Crown Prince?
General Luo
has just been commended for his merits.
Wouldn't this be somewhat...
Guards!
Here we go again.
I'll draft the decree immediately.
Guards!
Serve tea to Consort Yu.
Your Highness.
What are you doing?
Your Highness,
I was blessed with a son
only in my forties.
He is my life.
Now, His Majesty summoning him
to the palace—
while it sounds like
making him a study partner,
in reality,
it's actually holding him as hostage.
What if...
What if he fails
to please the Crown Prince?
If anything goes wrong,
it could cost my entire family's lives!
General Luo,
please rise to speak.
I was a companion
to the Crown Prince since childhood.
The hardships involved,
no one understands better than I do.
General Luo,
if you still trust me,
give me some time.
I promise to bring your child back
safe and sound.
Your Highness is most gracious.
I am but a simple warrior
and don't know fancy words.
If you can save my beloved son,
I will lay down my life,
and follow
your lead alone.
Rest assured, General Luo.
I will keep my promise.
I shall
take my leave now.
I've only just realized
why you suddenly came
to the Empress Dowager today
and put on such a show.
What show?
You wanted everyone in the palace to know
that you won't tolerate me
being criticised,
let alone being framed.
This way they'll think
this demonic consort has become
the emperor's weakness.
Controlling her means controlling you.
This would make them lower their guard
while they continue fighting
among themselves.
This way we can develop our strength
in secret.
Right?
You figured that out?
Is my acting that bad?
Your acting was excellent.
It took me a whole day to figure it out.
You're truly a mastermind.
Now I've become both your shield
and your weakness.
When one day,
an assassin
holds a sword
against my throat to force your hand,
you could just say,
"What a fool.
I don't care about her."
Then with one stroke,
skewer both me and the assassin
like candied fruits.
If you really think that way,
aren't you angry?
Not at all.
We're all drowning people.
Whoever can swim to safety
does so by their own ability.
I understand completely.
I'd do the same in your position.
Besides,
didn't I not let him know
about Prince Duan
contacting me in private?
Moreover,
my request to go to the library
was also self-serving.
The two doors there connect
the inside and outside of the palace,
providing my escape route from this place.
But let's be clear about one thing.
Don't give me that
self-sacrifice nonsense.
If someday only one of us can survive,
don't go easy on me
just because I'm a woman.
I won't go easy on you either.
No matter what,
I will never betray you.
Even if in the end
you choose Prince Duan,
it would still be the same.
Of course,
if you don't want to choose anyone,
if someday I die first,
before I die,
I'll send you out of the palace,
away from this place of conflict,
toward the freedom that belongs to you.
No one will harm you in the slightest.
I swear.
That's all far in the future.
Let's first
handle the immediate matters at hand
and enjoy the moonlight while we can.
The moon is so full tonight.
Because today is the 15th.
I see.
The
15th...
Yong'er.
My lord.
I haven't seen you for days.
Why have you lost weight?
Did something happen?
Nothing serious.
Just today,
when Consort Zhuang and Consort Yu went to
pay respects to the Empress Dowager,
I teased Consort Yu a few times
and was slapped by His Majesty.
One must be careful
in the harem about everything these days.
I'm scared...
Scared that one day...
You took such a great risk
to entrust your true feelings to me.
As long as I am here,
I won't let anything happen to you.
Actually, these few days,
I've been carrying the sachet you gave me
on me.
When I see it,
it's like seeing you.
We staked out an hour in advance
just to eavesdrop?
This isn't just any eavesdropping.
The book says
that their first date on a full moon night
laid the foundation for
years of cooperation between the leads.
Do you remember how I died?
-Seriously—
-Stop complaining.
I can't hear anything now.
By the way,
why hasn't Your Highness
sent any news for days?
Are you busy with official duties?
It's a long story.
Why did they change locations again?
Why did she leave just like this?
Recently, the affairs at my residence
have been troublesome.
I truly have little leisure time.
It's related to the harem too.
Actually, I risked coming to see you
because of this matter.
The connection between women
in the harem and the court
is always about their family background.
If it makes Your Highness so hesitant,
it must be either Consort Shu's brother
or Noble Consort Wei's father.
You are indeed clever.
It is indeed Grand Tutor Wei.
Grand Tutor Wei.
A key character has appeared.
Grand Tutor Wei's son recently
trampled a commoner to death
with his horse in the street.
The victim had come to the capital
to file an imperial complaint
against the Salt Inspector
from his hometown.
Intercepting an imperial complaint
is a serious crime.
The scoundrel knew he had committed
a terrible offense
that couldn't be undone,
so he privately contacted Grand Tutor Wei.
Grand Tutor Wei, eager to protect his son,
managed to suppress the matter.
Grand Tutor Wei
is the Empress Dowager's man.
Noble Consort Wei
is also highly favored because of this.
He is
the Empress Dowager's right-hand man.
For years, he's been using
the Salt Transportation License
to amass wealth
and commit all kinds of evil deeds.
What goes around
comes around.
That's exactly how it's written
in the original novel?
Word for word.
The author must be
an "Infernal Affairs" fan?
Where's the straw mat for your lower body?
This imperial palace is too poor.
Come in quickly.
Your Highness need not say more.
Tell me what you want to do.
I want to take this opportunity
to eliminate Grand Tutor Wei
and bring justice to the people.
But this matter is of great importance,
and I haven't figured out a good plan yet.
I know a good way.
The Salt Inspector
once gave
Grand Tutor Wei a sarira as a bribe.
-But he thought...
-Look. Is it beautiful?
It is just an ordinary red agate,
so he gave it to his daughter,
Noble Consort Wei.
How did you learn of this?
It's a secret.
Anyway,
I will find a way to get it
to help you.
Yong'er...
If that's true,
you'll be doing me a great favor.
What a jerk.
Playing Xie Yong'er like a fool.
You're really getting into
this eavesdropping.
That relic they mentioned,
is it really true?
It should be real.
Let's go.
Xie Yong'er is willing to do anything—
even theft—for Prince Duan.
She's really going all out.
You stepped on my foot.
I-I'm sorry.
Who's there?
Your Majesty.
Your Highness.
Did His Majesty and Consort Yu
have a fight in the Imperial Garden?
Why are you so gossipy?
I can't believe our plan
to drive them apart
actually...
Worked!
Who's there?
My Prince,
it was me.
He didn't report us.
He even
covered for us.
If I'd known I was so good at recruiting,
I should have gone into HR.
In that case,
Xu Yao switching sides
is just a matter of time.
Taking down Prince Duan
is not far from succeeding.
When Grand Tutor Wei is imprisoned,
Xu Yao will surely use the opportunity
to investigate his father's case.
He might even sneak in
to question him directly.
Then I should get there before him
to question him—
to take control of the situation.
This Prince Duan
is not a fool.
Once he finds out,
Xu Yao might be in danger.
Then I'll create
a new career change plan for him.
He can get land allocation rewards
based on his own merit.
Full benefits,
annual leave, and paternity leave—
line them all up for him.
Then I can't sleep here tonight.
Why?
Xie Yong'er is going to
go steal
Noble Consort Wei's sarira bead tomorrow.
I need to be in the palace.
Otherwise,
with no audience,
who will the actors perform for?
How about a couple more special drinks?
Nope. Drinking too much
will interfere with business.
Help! There's a thief!
One.
Two.
Three.
[Changning Palace]
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
My Lady, bad news!
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
My Lady!
Something valuable went missing
from Noble Consort Wei's palace.
They're searching everywhere for it.
Concubine Xie is also spreading rumors.
She's saying you must be involved
in this matter.
Isn't that a malicious accusation?
Eight.
My Lady!
Two.
Are you listening to me?
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
The treasure I've lost is priceless.
Ten of your lives wouldn't be enough
for me to pay for it.
You few, search the back courtyard.
The rest of you, search inside.
Your Highness, we haven't found anything.
Useless fools.
I'll search myself.
Sister, let me help you.
Nothing here?
Oh, Sister.
Come quickly.
There's a hidden compartment here.
But I'm certain there's nothing inside.
By the way, Sister.
There are 10 more chests over there.
There are 6 cabinets there
and 3 makeup boxes.
Let's search them all carefully.
[Changning Palace]
Sister!
Are you not going to search anymore?
Hasn't anyone found anything?
All of you are useless!
Your Highness.
We found it.
There's a hidden compartment in here.
Yu Wanyin.
What do you have to say for yourself?
Caught you red-handed.
Guards!
Arrest her!
I'd like to see who dares.
-Greetings, Your Majesty.
Shouldn't he be attending court
at this hour?
Surprised?
I left early.
Your Majesty.
Please don't blame Lady Wei.
She lost a rare treasure.
She's too anxious.
that's why she's
blindly taking her anger out on me.
Your Majesty.
Don't listen to her nonsense.
I have evidence.
Someone saw a young eunuch
steal my agate,
and deliver it to Consort Yu's palace.
Bring it here!
Your Majesty!
Is this your so-called evidence?
This is impossible.
It was clearly a...
It was clearly a precious pearl.
How did it turn into a date?
After all, it was given
to my beloved consort by the Grand Tutor.
I imagine
it must be extremely valuable.
I won't stop you.
I'll even help you.
Let's continue searching together.
What's happening?
Why all this commotion?
Empress Dowager.
I heard that
Noble Consort Wei lost
an extremely precious jewelry.
So early this morning,
she went to Consort Yu's place
to search for it.
It's just a piece of jewelry.
Is that worth making such a fuss?
I also find it strange, Your Highness.
Though the Consort's rank is high,
she isn't actually favored.
Yet His Majesty
is willing to search the palace
for her.
You're saying this matter
even involved the Emperor?
Yes.
Something isn't right.
Something's suspicious.
Your Highness.
How's it going on outside?
I've found out, My Lady.
Noble Consort Wei
didn't find the red agate
in Consort Yu's quarters.
They didn't find it?
Are you certain you personally
gave it to someone from her palace?
Absolutely certain.
I even saw that young eunuch
enter Changning Palace with my own eyes.
That's impossible.
Oh, Your Highness.
This food was sent by Consort Yu.
Sending food at a time like this?
Your Highness.
Why would she
only send steamed buns?
How...
How did the red agate end up here?
Was this food box sent
before the palace search
or after?
Shortly after the search.
Are you sure?
I'm certain.
The guards had just left.
I was quite flustered
and almost dropped the box
when receiving it.
If this box was sent after the search,
it means she wasn't trying to frame me.
It also shows she knows I did this.
Yet, not only didn't she report me,
she even returned it.
Could it be that when she came last time,
she genuinely wanted to befriend me?
A 2D character
couldn't possibly be this magnanimous.
Or perhaps,
because I changed the original storyline,
a butterfly effect was caused?
She never had the chance
to fall in love with Prince Duan,
so she never had the opportunity
to turn evil.
Wait.
If she didn't turn evil,
then the biggest villain in this story
would be me, wouldn't it?
Your Highness.
What should we do
with this red agate now?
I've summoned all ministers today
to ask about
the preparations
for the Grand Longevity Banquet.
May I ask, Your Majesty,
are you referring to last year's
or this year's?
This year's, of course.
Your Majesty's birthday from last year
was just over a month ago.
This year's Grand Longevity Banquet
[Chief of the State Ceremonial Bureau]
has not yet been
scheduled by us, Your Majesty.
Seems like the Ministry of Rites
is not doing anything.
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty.
The agate has been found.
It's just a small agate.
There's nothing special about it.
Why does Noble Consort Wei
value it so highly?
Your Majesty doesn't know.
It's not an ordinary agate.
It's a sarira that the Qiang State
specially presented to Your Majesty
for your birthday.
It's a priceless treasure.
This was presented to me?
Why haven't I seen it before?
Your Majesty,
I know all the gift records
by heart.
There's absolutely no mistake.
This...
Perhaps
Your Majesty gave it to Noble Consort Wei?
Grand Tutor Wei,
did I
give this to Noble Consort Wei?
Impossible!
Your Majesty,
this couldn't possibly belong
to my daughter.
Perhaps
it looks similar
and the palace servants made a mistake.
If that's the case,
let Noble Consort Wei
come and identify it herself.
Yes, Your Majesty.
I'll summon her right away.
What?
You're saying Noble Consort Wei's
lost red agate
was found in our pond?
And it's a sarira bead
offered by the Qiang State?
Yes.
His Majesty was furious when he found out.
I heard he's already ordered Eunuch An
to bring Noble Consort Wei to identify it.
This is not good.
If Noble Consort Wei admits
this is what she lost,
then the crime of hiding tribute items
could lead to
the execution of her entire family.
Empress Dowager,
if we don't stop this now,
it will be too late.
No.
Something's off.
This tribute item was
found in my quarters.
Everyone at court knows
who Grand Tutor Wei is loyal to.
If I go there now,
wouldn't it basically be
announcing to everyone
that I'm the mastermind behind this?
Sorry for not realizing it beforehand.
You...
Oh, my God...
These...
These two guys are
good for nothing
but trouble.
Fools! Fools!
Greetings, Your Majesty.
My dear, please rise.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
My dear, come and see
if what I've found is
what you lost.
Your Majesty,
this is indeed the agate I lost.
Where did you find it, Your Majesty?
In the pond
at the Empress Dowager's palace.
How could that be?
My dear, please look carefully.
Don't mistake something
that isn't yours for your own.
How could I be mistaken?
This was my birthday gift from my father.
I had been wearing it all the time.
This agate even has
my childhood nickname
carved on its bottom.
Shut up!
You foolish girl!
You don't even know
when it was switched,
yet you dare talk such nonsense here!
As precious as this item is,
how could it have been switched?
Father, what on earth is going on?
Your Majesty,
I'd like to expose
Grand Tutor Wei's corruption.
[Vice Minister Wu]
He allowed his son to accept bribes
and ride recklessly in the streets,
killing a commoner
who was filing a petition!
His crimes are too numerous to list.
This is complete nonsense!
Who put you up to this
to frame me?
If my son
truly committed such serious crimes,
I
would never cover for him!
Your Majesty,
I'm telling the truth!
Truth?
Do you have evidence?
I do.
[I want to charge the Salt Inspector]
[with selling Salt Transportation
and Sales Licenses for personal gain.]
Blocked petitions,
engaged in corruption,
accepted bribes,
and hoarded tribute items.
Grand Tutor Wei,
it seems that you're not content
with being my father-in-law.
You even want my throne, huh?
I wouldn't dare.
[Mu Yun]
Your Majesty,
may I request
the Empress Dowager's presence?
I promise
I will come clean.
On my way here with Noble Consort Wei,
I noticed the lights
in the Empress Dowager's palace were out.
I think
the Empress Dowager
went to rest early
to avoid being disturbed.
In that case,
I have to send Grand Tutor Wei
to the Court of Revision.
[Yongyan Hall]
That's total bullshit!
Noble Consort Wei
wears that sarira agate every day.
How could you not know about that?
Stop!
The way you talked was way too modern!
Can you please stick to the script?
You've revised it so many times.
Who can remember all those lines, miss?
It's my first time directing.
I'm a bit nervous, too.
No worries.
I'm a CEO.
Manipulating employees is
easy-peasy for me.
To deal with Grand Tutor Wei,
I can simply improvise on the spot.
What about Xu Yao?
You must make sure he's present.
He's so concerned about anything
related to Senior Minister Xu.
So he rushed to the Court of Revision
as soon as he
got the news.
That's good.
Is Xu Yao really that important?
Of course!
In the original story,
he's a legendary minister.
Only with his help
can we defeat Prince Duan
and make you a good emperor.
Besides,
that young man is so handsome.
Can you bear to see him
deceived and utilized by others?
I knew it.
All right,
since you're ready,
you may set off now.
Come on!
What are you waiting for?
Hurry!
I'll wait for your good news
in the library.
Good luck!
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty!
I've been wronged!
I was only focused
on easing your burdens, Your Majesty.
It was those villains who set me up.
Are you saying
I've wronged you for the issue
regarding the sarira agate?
I wouldn't dare say that.
It's just...
It's just that there's more
behind the issue about that sarira agate.
My son brought it home.
My daughter liked its bright color
and asked for it.
I had no idea it was so valuable!
I see.
So everything was
done by your son and daughter.
Fine.
I'll release you immediately
and imprison them instead.
That's not what I meant.
Then you mean
you did everything yourself?
You deceived me?
That's not what I meant either.
Neither this nor that.
Then how exactly
did today's incident happen?
My daughter lost her jewelry
at a rather suspicious time.
Also, Vice Minister Wu
and the Capital Prefect
[I want to charge the Salt Inspector]
carried the so-called evidence with them.
[with selling Salt Transportation
and Sales Licenses for personal gain.]
Your Majesty, you wouldn't believe
that they didn't plan this
in advance, would you?
Then I'm even more confused now.
Vice Minister Wu and the Capital Prefect
have no regular contact with you.
Why would they set up
such an elaborate trap
to get you?
Yeah!
They all work for Prince Duan!
Prince Duan...
Could it be Prince Duan trying to harm me?
Why would Prince Duan want to harm me?
Do you know
that among Prince Duan's counselors,
there is one called Xu Yao?
Xu Yao?
He's still alive?
Back then,
Senior Minister Xu's case was
orchestrated by you, right?
Yes.
But at that time,
it was all Prince Duan's idea.
What a coincidence.
The hunting dog is cooked
after the rabbit is caught.
The bow is put away
when the birds are all gone.
He used you
and then abandoned you,
saving
your enemy,
Xu Yao.
He also made Xu Yao see you
as his lifelong nemesis.
My brother is
so horrible.
First, he used you
to eliminate Senior Minister Xu.
Then he used Xu Yao
to get rid of you.
He truly kept it fair to both sides
like no one else in this world.
I also know
why you joined
the Empress Dowager's faction.
You studied hard since childhood
with lofty ambitions.
But...
Your talents went unrecognized.
By chance,
Prince Duan valued
me as someone with potential
and gave me an opportunity.
He privately persuaded me
to impeach Senior Minister Xu
and cooperate with him
to fabricate flawless evidence of crimes.
Fortune favors the bold.
I won my gamble!
I not only gained merit
with the Empress Dowager
but also won Prince Duan's trust.
From then on,
my career soared.
Among all the court officials,
only you
could play both sides
with such stability.
You've been working
for both of them.
Only I, the Emperor...
I am
so sinful and deserve to die.
Your Majesty,
I know
that I can not survive this.
I just want to know
how you learned about this, Your Majesty.
Stand up.
I just guessed.
Just guessed?
Your Highness.
How did Xu Yao
get into the Court of Revision?
According to the guards,
he entered with an imperial token.
Oh, Xu Yao...
I'm afraid you're
going to lose this game.
Who's there?
I need to see Her Highness
for something urgent.
Without His Majesty's decree,
no one is allowed to enter.
Your Highness!
Xu Yao?
Why is he here?
Let him in now.
Yes.
Please.
Mr. Xu?
What brings you here?
Your Highness,
I need to see His Majesty
for some urgent matters.
Could you please help me, Your Highness?
Mei, go invite His Majesty over.
Understood.
What's wrong?
Is someone after you?
Don't worry.
You're absolutely safe here.
Your Highness,
it's really urgent.
If it's about Senior Minister Xu,
I think I know about it.
Your Highness,
you truly have His Majesty's favor.
I was investigating
my father's wrongful conviction.
I found all the evidence
pointed to Prince Duan all of a sudden.
Just now,
I returned to my room
and took a sip of tea.
I noticed a weird taste, felt
a burning pain in my stomach,
and realized I was poisoned.
You were poisoned?
Let's go find the imperial physician.
Your Highness,
since Prince Duan wants me dead,
I have no chance of survival.
So,
I pretended to know nothing,
snuck out through the back door,
and temporarily escaped
Prince Duan's secret guards.
With no way to meet His Majesty,
I could only come to the library
to ask for your help, Your Highness.
Xu Yao!
I know my sins are grave.
But before I die, I have only one request.
I've worked for Prince Duan for years,
and I know all his crimes.
If His Majesty can save my father,
I, Xu Yao,
will surely repay this kindness!
Don't worry.
His Majesty is a man of his word.
Senior Minister Xu is already on his way
back to the capital.
Is that true?
That's wonderful.
My father
has always hoped
that His Majesty could be a good emperor.
If he returns,
he will certainly serve
with absolute loyalty,
using all his knowledge
to assist His Majesty,
making His Majesty...
Xu Yao!
Don't worry.
His Majesty values
Senior Minister Xu's talents greatly,
and he values yours as well.
Also, His Majesty
has already arranged a way out for you.
He wants you to safely switch sides.
Let's get out of here first, alright?
Let's go.
I'm afraid
I won't be able to see His Majesty today.
[Library]
Fire! Come and help put it out!
Someone please help!
It's on fire?
Let's go!
Let's get out of here now!
Come on.
Go.
Xu Yao!
Get up!
Your Highness,
it's too late.
I've recorded all
of Prince Duan's plans in a book
and buried it under the window
of his mansion's back kitchen.
Don't go looking for it right away.
Wait at least 7 days.
Stop this talk.
Let's get out first.
Let's go.
Xu Yao!
Run.
Don't look back for whoever you meet.
Stay alive.
Xu Yao!
Get up quickly!
Xu Yao,
get up now!
This isn't how your story ends
in the book.
♪ In the time and space of chaos ♪
Don't you remember?
You still have a vendetta to settle.
♪ Every time I open my eyes ♪
You're so young.
You must have many things
you still want to do.
♪ Your silhouette is engraved inside ♪
Are you really willing to die like this?
Smooth talkers
often disguise themselves
as someone loyal and virtuous.
♪ Then we transform ♪
Those who are truly honest and sincere
may be clumsy in words,
but they act with integrity.
♪ Into the blazing light to guard ♪
So one must discern right from wrong.
♪ Our eternal galaxy ♪
One move can secure the nation's peace.
Repeat after me.
♪ Watch the universe bow ♪
♪ And let time freeze ♪
One move
can secure the nation's peace.
♪ I still gaze into those firm eyes ♪
Secure the nation's peace.
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ The world set a trap with the stars
and the moon blocking the way ♪
Xu Yao...
♪ I'll still stand by your side ♪
♪ Stand like an unbreakable wall
in troubled times ♪
Xu Yao!
Don't give up!
♪ Go to the battlefield ♪
♪ Waters surge in reverse,
and time rewinds ♪
Xu Yao!
♪ Sever the mundane shackles ♪
♪ We can dance together ♪
Xu Yao!
♪ On the ruins fearlessly ♪
♪ Watch the universe bow ♪
♪ And let time freeze ♪
♪ I still gaze into those firm eyes ♪
♪ It doesn't matter ♪
♪ The world set a trap with the stars
and the moon blocking the way ♪
♪ I'll still stand by your side ♪
♪ Stand like an unbreakable wall
in troubled times ♪
♪ Go to the battlefield ♪
♪ Waters surge in reverse,
and time rewinds ♪
♪ Sever the mundane shackles ♪
♪ We can dance together ♪
♪ On the ruins fearlessly ♪
♪ Never looking back ♪
Lady Yu?
Yong'er.
Help me.
Take me to see His Majesty.
Let's go.
Stay here and wait for me.
I'll have someone carry you there.
No.
Don't leave me.
Your Highnesses.
Greetings, Your Highness.
I heard the library caught fire.
I've sent my guards to put out the fire.
Fortunately, Her Highness is blessed
with good luck.
Are you hurt anywhere,
Your Highness?
Your Highness,
I don't think this is appropriate.
It's an emergency.
I'm simply escorting Her Highness
back to the palace.
Your Highness!
Let me go with you.
No need for help here.
Please fetch the imperial physician,
Your Highness.
All right.
Why are you trembling so much,
Your Highness?
Are you scared of heights,
worried about falling down these steps?
If you're scared,
you can hold onto me tightly.
It's just the gusts.
They're making me feel chilly.
Your Highness, I hope you and I can remain
as we were when we first met,
without fear,
without distance.
Do you know
serving the emperor is
like living with a tiger?
Instead of fearing me,
you should fear His Majesty.
That's much better.
After all, Grand Tutor Wei's collusion
with the Salt Inspector is
an open secret throughout the court.
Yet His Majesty has kept ignoring it.
To exonerate the Salt Inspector,
they've exploited
the common people and sold
Salt Transportation and Sales Licenses
privately to line their own pockets,
while the people
who wrote petitions in blood
could only die from their lashings.
Your Highness,
this world
has suffered from tyranny for too long.
What are you talking about, Your Highness?
I don't understand.
Let her go!
♪ Tell me ♪
♪ Why so many laments echo in the wind ♪
♪ Walk past me ♪
♪ Like an aloof passerby ♪
♪ We met in the crowd ♪
♪ There's no mistake in this life ♪
♪ I only regret being clumsy in words ♪
♪ And shrinking from speaking it out ♪
♪ Even when destiny mocked me, hurt me ♪
♪ Destroyed me, or trapped me ♪
♪ I never yielded ♪
♪ But why ♪
♪ Can't I bear to see
even a single tear in your eyes? ♪
♪ But we once fell in love, went wild ♪
♪ Split up, and lost each other ♪
♪ They are
all unforgettable memories to me ♪
Sorry,
I'm late.
♪ The first time I met you ♪
♪ It felt like something suddenly
lit up my soul ♪